# Google-Ads-Leads-to-Google-SpreadSheet-Email-Telegram

Lead form extensions help you generate leads by letting people submit their information in a form directly in your ad. You can add lead form extensions to Search, Video, and Discovery campaigns.

You can set up a webhook integration for a lead form extension. You can create a webhook integration to link your lead form extension to your CRM. After you add a webhook integration to your lead form extension, you’ll receive your leads directly to your CRM. If you don't have a CRM, you can use the webhook integration to send data to Google Spreadsheets. When filling in the Google Ads form, data can be sent via a webhook. A webhook is a mechanism for receiving notifications of events using callback functions. When an event occurs on the system, the server sends an HTTP request to the URL provided by the user to receive webhooks. In Google Apps Scripts you can create an application, the public URL of which will be used to configure a webhook.

I would like to share my script for submitting form data from Google Ads to Google Sheets, Email and Telegram. Google Apps Scripts has a reserved method, doPost(), which is responsible for getting the values sent by POST requests. This method accepts an "e" object that can be used to access the transmitted data. This object provides data in JSON format. The structure of this data contains a collection of user_column_data values, which includes the data of the user-filled form fields. I bring this information into a readable form and send it to the Google Spreadsheets table, Email and Telegram. In addition, the table records the date the application was submitted and the form ID in Google Ads.
